Clarify DSN explainer (#3096)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/dsn-explainer.mdx

### What the DSN Does

> A DSN tells a Sentry SDK where to send events, such that they are associated with the right project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DSN tells a Sentry SDK where to send events so the events are associated with the correct project.
```

> If this value is not provided, SDKs will try to read it from the `SENTRY_DSN` environment variable, where applicable. This fallback does not apply in cases like a web browser, as the concept of environment variables does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this value is not provided, SDKs will try to read it from the `SENTRY_DSN` environment variable, where applicable. This fallback does not apply in cases like a web browser, where the concept of environment variables does not exist.
```

> If an SDK is not initialized or if it is initialized with an empty DSN, it will not send any data over the network, such as captured exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an SDK is not initialized or if it is initialized with an empty DSN, the SDK will not send any data over the network, such as captured exceptions.
```
